DEVX-815: Automatically spin up a CCloud stack for developers to test (#615)
confluentinc/examples: README.md

| Demo                                       | Local | Docker | Description
| ------------------------------------------ | ----- | ------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
| [Confluent Cloud CLI](ccloud/beginner-cloud/README.md#confluent-cloud-cli) |  Y  |  N  | Fully automated demo interacting with your Confluent Cloud cluster using Confluent Cloud CLI <br><img src="clients/cloud/images/confluent-cli.png" width="300">
| [Clients to Cloud](clients/cloud/README.md)                 |   [Y](clients/cloud/README.md)   |   N    | Client applications in different programming languages connecting to [Confluent Cloud](https://www.confluent.io/confluent-cloud/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=demo&utm_campaign=ch.examples_type.community_content.top) <br><img src="clients/cloud/images/clients-all.png" width="450">
| [Cloud ETL](cloud-etl/README.md)                 |   [Y](cloud-etl/README.md)   |   N   | Cloud ETL solution using fully-managed Confluent Cloud connectors and fully-managed ksqlDB <br><img src="cloud-etl/docs/images/topology.png" width="450">

> | [Fully Managed Stack](ccloud/beginner-cloud/README.md#fully-managed-stack-in-confluent-cloud) |  Y  |  N  | Creates a fully-managed stack in Confluent Cloud, including a new environment, service account, Kafka cluster, KSQL app, Schema Registry, and ACLs, plus a local config file <br><img src="clients/cloud/images/confluent-cloud.png" width="300">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Fully Managed Stack](ccloud/beginner-cloud/README.md#fully-managed-stack-in-confluent-cloud) |  Y  |  N  | Creates a fully-managed stack in Confluent Cloud, including a new environment, service account, Kafka cluster, KSQL app, Schema Registry, and ACLs. The demo also generates a config file for use with client applications.<br><img src="clients/cloud/images/confluent-cloud.png" width="300">
```
